Dad, I see you are in a bad mood too.
Are you also brokenhearted?
That's just right, handsome dad, you're broken in love too.
My mom is also brokenhearted
Why don't you stay with my mother?
Adult emotions are complex
We can't be together if we lose together
Okay, I have to go first
We'll talk another day. Hmm.
Bye. Bye.
Mr. Li should think about it again
This is a key project of our company
Thank you, please sign
How are you in the company?
Body recovered
Thank you Mr. Ji for your concern
I'm much better, don't think too much about it.
I don't care about you.
I'm afraid you'll bring the virus to the company
Infect others
Got it, Mr. Ji
This lady is the new assistant.
This lady
Do you want to participate in my evening with Mr. Ji?
What about the banquet?
No, nothing else.
I don't think I have time, so I won't go.
Since Mr. Li has spoken
We will definitely go
Okay, let's eat and talk tonight
Cooperation thing
See you tonight
Why should I go?
Are you pretending to be confused?
Mr. Li is my important client
You'd better do well tonight
Don't wear it so ugly
Shame me on me
Yan Ting, did you do this to me on purpose?